README.md, before:

# Chase Keating

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?label=voxdigital.ca&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fvoxdigital.ca)](https://voxdigital.ca)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/voxdigitalyyc?color=1DA1F2&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvoxdigitalyyc&screen_name=voxdigitalyyc)

## Marketing & Design Consultant
### Here's a look at some of my work

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="Vox Digital Website" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Vox Digital Twtter | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="Chase Keating LinkedIn | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Chase Keating Instagram | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

</br>

### 📕 Latest Blog Posts
- [What is the JAMStack?](https://www.voxdigital.ca/what-is-the-jamstack/)
- [We're Hiring for Web Developer & Designer Positions!](https://www.voxdigital.ca/were-hiring-a-web-developer-and-designer/)
- [Average Web Design Price in Calgary Alberta](https://www.voxdigital.ca/web-design-prices-in-calgary-alberta/)
- [The Complete Guide to Website Audits](https://www.voxdigital.ca/website-audit-guide/)

➡️ [Read More...](https://voxdigital.ca/blog)

---


[website]: https://voxdigital.ca
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/voxdigitalyyc
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/chasekeating
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chasekeating/

Commit message:

Updated Profile README.md
- Updated blog posts
- Updated shields.io website badges

README.md, after:

# Chase Keating

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?label=chasekeating.com&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fchasekeating.com)](https://chasekeating.com)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?label=voxdigital.ca&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fvoxdigital.ca)](https://voxdigital.ca)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/voxdigitalyyc?color=1DA1F2&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvoxdigitalyyc&screen_name=voxdigitalyyc)


## Marketing & Design Consultant

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="Vox Digital Website" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Vox Digital Twtter | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="Chase Keating LinkedIn | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Chase Keating Instagram | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

</br>

### 📕 Latest Blog Posts

- [Top Marketing Campaigns of All Time](https://voxdigital.ca/top-marketing-campaigns-of-all-time/)
- [How to Increase Your Websites Speed](https://voxdigital.ca/how-to-increase-your-websites-speed/)
- [What is the JAMStack?](https://www.voxdigital.ca/what-is-the-jamstack/)
- [We're Hiring for Web Developer & Designer Positions!](https://www.voxdigital.ca/were-hiring-a-web-developer-and-designer/)
- [Average Web Design Price in Calgary Alberta](https://www.voxdigital.ca/web-design-prices-in-calgary-alberta/)
- [The Complete Guide to Website Audits](https://www.voxdigital.ca/website-audit-guide/)

➡️ [Read More...](https://voxdigital.ca/blog)

---


[website]: https://voxdigital.ca
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/voxdigitalyyc
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/chasekeating
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chasekeating/
